{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author James Maivald}
{\*\company Desktop Design}}\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For general questions and information email: info@green-start.org\
\
When you contact our offices in Meridien, our friendly and knowledgeable staff is ready to serve you and answer your questions:\
\
Association Management\
\
Elaine is the President and CEO of GreenStart Asociation. She has 20-years experience in the environmental sciences and has worked at several grassroots organizations developing programs and services for community outreach.\
\
You may find her answering your phone calls or checking out a problem you have with a mail order.\
\
Email Elaine at: elaine@green-start.org\
\
Education and Events\
\
Sarah arranges all our events, classes and green travel offerings. Sarah makes these offerings start on time and meet their goals, so you can enjoy every minute.\
\
She can also create custom events for people with special needs such as handicap access or special dietary needs, or make accommodations for existing events and classes. So, let Sarah know if you have any personal requirements.\
\
Email Sarah at: sarah@green-start.org\
\
Transportation Analysis\
\
Eric is our transportation expert. He can review your needs and resources to identify the best green solutions for daily transport, whether it includes cars, bikes, buses or trains, and even the decision to buy or rent.\
\
When you are ready to change the way you move around town, give Eric a call. \
\
Email Eric at: eric@green-start.org\
\
Research and Development\
\
Lin manages our research for sustenable development. She researches products and services of every local restaurant, store, hotel, spa or other business that we recommend to our visitors. She listens to your comments on our recommendations and checks out your complaints.\
\
You can expect to hear from Lin when you order a product or schedule a service appointtment. She will want to know what you thought of our offerings.\
\
Email Lin at: lin@green-start.org\
\
Information Systems\
\
Matthew is our do-it-all guy. He takes care of the business end of things. He maintains this web site, the online store and reservation system. He's also experienced at helping people complete their orders and can step in to help when everyone else is busy.\
\
Even though Matthew is good with numbers, he's also an avid biker and can help you find some great bikking trails around town.\
\
Email Matthew at: matthew@green-start.org
\f1\fs20 \
}